Game Rules:
Two or more players must be registered to play the game. The goal of the game is to score more points than one's opponent. 
A player collects points by placing words on the game board. Each letter has a different point value, so 
the strategy is to play words with high scoring letter combinations.

The Game Board:
The game board consists of 20 by 20 squares, and it has two dead zones in the upper right and lower left corners. They take the form of 
rectangles with dimensions between 2 and 8. The game tiles fit within each square of the Board.

Game Tiles:
The game is played with 496 tiles. All tiles contain letters and a point value that corresponds with that letter. 
This value varies between letters according to the difficulty present in using the letter to form a valid word.
Before the game begins each player is randomly given twelve tiles from the inventory of 496 available tiles. If, during gameplay, there is
not enough tiles in the bag to meet their need, they will receive all of the remaining tiles.Each player 
can only move the tiles within their own rack. 

Tile values:
1 point: E
2 points: T
3 points: A and O
4 points: I , N , S , R , and H
5 points: D and L
6 points: C , U , M and W
7 points: F , G , P , Y , B , V and K
8 points: Q , J , X and Z


Starting the game:
The game is started by instantiating the Driver class which holds the main method with proper arguments. 
The arguments must include the name of the player preceded by the tag "-p" and the exact location of the dictionary
preceded by the tag "-d" this will permit the players to register with the game and create the proper dictionary for the game.

Players alternate turns while trying to form words on the game board. Words may be formed horizontally or vertically 
but never diagonally. The first player to place a word must place one of the tiles of their word on the home square.
The home square is denoted by a plus sign in the user interface.

The next player places a word on the board and must intersect with or touch an existing word on the board.
Each word created must be a valid word according to the dictionary file given in the initial arguments.

If at the end of a player's turn they have less then twelve tiles they are given randomly selected tiles from the
tile inventory to replenish their supply.

A player can only end their turn under two conditions. One is that they decided not to or could  not form a word on the board
and opted to essentially skip their turn. The other scenario is that the player formed words on the board and the new words
are valid words found in the dictionary. A turn will not end if the board contains invalid words. The first player of a game cannot 
skip their turn and must place a tile onto the HomeSquare. Failure to do so will prevent them from ending their turn. If they are 
truly unable to form a valid word upon their first turn then the game must be restarted and the players will try again with new 
tiles in their racks.

Placement is performed by simply clicking the tile in their rack adn then clicking the desired square on the Board,
Retraction is performed by clicking the tile on the board that you wish to retract. It will only work if it is still the same
turn in which the tile was placed. If it was the same turn then it is returned to the player's rack. Letter tiles that cannot be
retracted are visually distinctive from those that can still be interacted with. To end a turn, a player just 
clicks the button labeled "End Turn" and the method will be attempted. Once the player's turn ends they will be unable to interact with
their user interface since only the current player's interface permits any actions performed upon it.

Score:
At the end of each turn the score for each word that the player created on the board by their tile placement is calculated 
and added to the player's overall score. The score for a word is the sum of the point values for each of the tiles 
that make up the word. The squares that the tiles are placed upon also contain letter and word multipliers which are taken into 
consideration when scoring. Letter multipliers include: 2, 1, 0, and -1, while word multipliers include: 3,2,1, and 0.

The End of Game
The game ends if all players pass their turn in the same round. Or if one player places all of his or her tiles on the 
board and there are no more tiles to pick up from the inventory.
Once the game finishes, players can no longer play the game.
The text screen next to the board is always displaying the most recent scores of the players and whose turn it is currently. This screen 
will show who is the winner in the event that the game ends. 



